## Version 1.1.0

This minor update holds the following functionalities:

- Added 2 new story setting item type subtype values:
  - Resource
- Added 2 new story setting title subtype values
  - Fear
  - Courageous
- Added a new story setting value
  - Place type
  - Relation type
- Added a new object named Place. This will be used for world creation.
- Added a new object namen Power.
- Reworked the navigation
  - The menubar will no longer be available on the Add, Edit, View and Delete screens.
- Search in lists
- Reworked texts:
  - Resolved some typos
  - A lot of texts were removed from the app since a lot of screens became to informative, resulting in to much declarative info on smaller devices.
- Persistent Login
  - If you are the only user on your device, you can now enable your login to be persistent. Change this in your profile information.
- Removal of default story settings
  - To keep the code stamp a bit smaller, the default settings were removed.
- Rework traits, relations and events
  - Originally, the concept of linking objects to a character object made a lot of sense. That untill the event concept was worked out. The event model made certain things possible that were not possible with character link model. Due to this change, the following items were removed.
    - the character model was updated to no longer show the statistic and personal traits. Initial values should be created through the event.
    - The event model was changed so it now holds (per event)
      - Traits (both personal as statistic)
      - Items
      - Powers
      - Titels
      - Relations
- Growth component
  - A new component was created for combining the events into singular objects. This way it is possible to view a characters growth in combination of certain events.
  - as an extra, it is now possible to create an item setup / event. This setup is made possible by going over all events and calculating all items that are found in that time and, at the same time can be worn.